BACKGROUND
----------

I have the need to show 3D models of polyhedra on my web-site. Traditionally I
showed these in VRML/X3D, but no one has a plug-in anymore, not even myself. I
looked around a bit and thought a using Sketchfab, but it wasn't really what I
wanted. The biggest problem was that I would be quite a lot of manual labour.
Some of my pages are generated by a program and all the embedding from Sketchfab
would be through some generated ID. Another problem was that I have all my
models in the 'off' file format, which isn't supported (not now at least).

So I decided to write my own code that could interpret an off file and show it
in 3D. In that case I could also decide how the interface works, because I like
to be able to rotate the model around the z-axis (the one that comes straight
out of the screen) which seemed to be missing at Sketchfab.

NAVIGATION
----------

Left click a mouse and move it to rotate the object, normally in an intuitive
way: it is as if you touch a ball an spin it. This way isn't implemented all the
way though, since I also wanted that if you return to your starting point and
release the polyhedron should have its original orientation. I had three
requirements for the rotation:
1. Intuitive
2. Go back to original position, by release at original position.
3. Be able to rotated around an axis that comes out of the screen.

Requirement number 3 can be done by picking up the object in the outer area and
spin it clockwise or counter-clockwise in the outer area. Requirement number 2
is the cause for the non-intuitive rotation when crossing the border between the
outer and the inner area.

To zoom: use the Shift button and the mouse. Zooming follows a plane throttle.

To jump back to the original zoom / rotation: '5'
To undo only the zoom: 'Shift-5'.
To undo only the rotation: 'Alt-Shift-5'

TODO
----

- Buttons to show faces, edges, vertices
- Some animationed file format, derived from 'off' for cube compounds.
  animated-off: only needs axis and angle domain.
- Add support for touch
- Optionally turn off stecil buffer for effeciency?
- Add navigation help as standard.

LICENSE
-------

GNU Public License version 2

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------

Thanks to NeHe for his excellent guide at
http://learningwebgl.com/blog/?page_id=1217

During the development stackoverflow was used a eagerly:
https://stackoverflow.com
